Improve: Fixing a failed deploy (#678)
guardian/riff-raff: riff-raff/public/docs/howto/fix-a-failed-deploy.md

## Background

Normally your Auto-Scaling Group will be configured with a maximum capacity that is _twice_ (or sometimes _four times_) the 'desired'
capacity - this is to allow deploys to work by _doubling_ the desired capacity, bringing up new boxes,
before killing the old ones off.

When a Riff-Raff deploy fails, your Auto-Scaling Group could be left in a 'bad' state. 
This can manifest itself in one of several ways. 

> 1. The desired capacity stay the same as the maximum capacity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The desired capacity stays the same as the maximum capacity.
```

> 1. The desired capacity stay the same as the maximum capacity.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. The desired capacity stays the same as the maximum capacity.
```

2. The instance count (number of instances) is less than the maximum capacity, but has not fallen down to the desired capacity. 
3. The instance count is equal to the desired capacity but some instances have "scale in" protection.

> In either of those cases, Riff-Raff might not be able to properly complete further deploys.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In any of those cases, Riff-Raff might not be able to properly complete further deploys.
```

## Step 1 - get the ASG back to its normal size

Be aware that reducing the number of instances can lead to outages if they are under stress. Always check with the relevant team before performing this action.

Access the AWS console via Janus, navigate to the EC2 section, then click "Autoscaling Groups."

> Use the AWS console to change the [desired] size of the ASG back to the original value. The desired capacity can be equal to or more than the minimum capacity, but should be less than half of the maximum capacity. 

Reviewer: Not sure if you meant the square brackets...

```suggestion
Use the AWS console to change the desired size of the ASG back to the original value. The desired capacity can be equal to or more than the minimum capacity, but should be less than half of the maximum capacity. 
```

The desired size can be modified by clicking the "edit" button in the "Details" tab. The Riff-Raff error and logs should let you know which ASGs have been used for your given deploy. This will ensure that the new instances brought up by your failed deploy are terminated as Riff-Raff applies scale-in protection to existing instances before the deploy begins.

> The operation of adjusting the number of instances to match the desirded capacity takes few seconds while AWS terminate some instances. If this steps doesn't complete correctly, meaning that you are not seeing the number of instance fall down to the desired capacity that you specified, then you might need to perform Step 2 to unlock instances with "scale in" protection. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The operation of adjusting the number of instances to match the desired capacity takes a few seconds while AWS terminates instances. If this step doesn't complete correctly, meaning that you are not seeing the number of instance fall down to the desired capacity that you specified, then you might need to perform Step 2 to unlock instances with "scale in" protection. 
```

> The operation of adjusting the number of instances to match the desirded capacity takes few seconds while AWS terminate some instances. If this steps doesn't complete correctly, meaning that you are not seeing the number of instance fall down to the desired capacity that you specified, then you might need to perform Step 2 to unlock instances with "scale in" protection. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The operation of adjusting the number of instances to match the desired capacity takes few seconds while AWS terminate some instances. If this steps doesn't complete correctly, meaning that you are not seeing the number of instance fall down to the desired capacity that you specified, then you might need to perform Step 2 to unlock instances with "scale in" protection. 
```
